src/docs/development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/intro.md, before:

---
title: State management
title: 状态 (State) 管理介绍
description: How to structure an app to manage the state of the data flowing through it.
next:
  title: Start thinking declaratively
  title: 状态管理中的声明式编程思维
  path: /docs/development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/declarative
---

_If you are already familiar with state management in reactive apps, you can
skip this section, though you might want to review the [list of different
approaches](/docs/development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/options)._

**如果你早已熟悉响应式 App 中的状态管理，你可以跳过这个部分，不过这里也有一些关于 [状态 (State) 管理参考](/docs/development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/options) 的信息供你查阅。**

{% asset development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/state-management-explainer width="100%" alt="A short animated gif that shows the workings of a simple declarative state management system. This is explained in full in one of the following pages. Here it's just a decoration." %}

{% comment %}
Source of the above animation tracked internally as b/122314402
{% endcomment %}

As you explore Flutter, there comes a time when you need to share application
state between screens, across your app. There are many approaches you can take,
and many questions to think about.

当你使用 Futter 进行开发时，有时会需要在 app 的不同界面中共享应用程序的状态，
在这里你可以找到许多有用的方案以及一些可以深思的问题。

In the following pages, you will learn the basics of dealing with state in 
Flutter apps.

在接下来的文档里，你将会学习一些基础的状态管理知识。

Commit message:

[sync] 2020/1/30
- deployment/cd.md 更新了打包 Android 的方式
- development/add-to-app/android/initial-route-cached-engine.md 新增 在 cacheEngine 的情况下传递 InitialRoute 指南
- development/add-to-app/ios/project-setup.md 新增 链接到框架以及嵌入框架
- development/data-and-backend/networking.md 新增访问网络指南
- development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/simple.md 添加了新的简单样例
- release/breaking-changes/mouse-tracker-no-longer-attaches-annotations.md 新增 breaking changes：MouseTracker 不再附加注释 需要翻译
- release/breaking-changes/overlay-entry-rebuilds.md 更新 breaking changes 对 OverlayEntries 和 Routes 进行了重建优化 需要翻译
- resources/videos.md 新增了 Flutter Interact 2019 的视频

src/docs/development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/intro.md, after:

---
title: State management
title: 状态 (State) 管理介绍
description: How to structure an app to manage the state of the data flowing through it.
next:
  title: Start thinking declaratively
  title: 状态管理中的声明式编程思维
  path: /docs/development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/declarative
---

_If you are already familiar with state management in reactive apps,
you can skip this section, though you might want to review the
[list of different approaches]._

**如果你早已熟悉响应式 App 中的状态管理，你可以跳过这个部分，不过这里也有一些关于 [状态 (State) 管理参考][list of different approaches] 的信息供你查阅。**

{% asset development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/state-management-explainer width="100%" alt="A short animated gif that shows the workings of a simple declarative state management system. This is explained in full in one of the following pages. Here it's just a decoration." %}

{% comment %}
Source of the above animation tracked internally as b/122314402
{% endcomment %}

As you explore Flutter,
there comes a time when you need to share application
state between screens, across your app.
There are many approaches you can take,
and many questions to think about.

当你使用 Futter 进行开发时，有时会需要在 app 的不同界面中共享应用程序的状态，
在这里你可以找到许多有用的方案以及一些可以深思的问题。

In the following pages, 
you will learn the basics of dealing with state in Flutter apps.

在接下来的文档里，你将会学习一些基础的状态管理知识。

[list of different approaches]: /docs/development/data-and-backend/state-mgmt/options
